Should be Matthew
Matthew Montano: Oh,
Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you got me right side up. And so today, just going after checking out
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I said I don't know why. Maybe there's just a influx of clients or groups or something.
Matthew Montano: Oh, they're really busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so.
Matthew Montano: I took a little while for them to sign me
Gwenevere Abriel: But they did.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, if you if you text me they finally they finally got me.
Matthew Montano: Move my living room around. So it's kind of weird my new setup.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it sure I'm right in front of you. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well let's let's just, um,
Matthew Montano: Well, I have to move this couch right here. It's actually over there but for the lighting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Well, I like it because I can see really well. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if we talk about current events, we run the risk of you're missing out on some clinical interventions, what would today be like if we didn't do that we did today a little differently and did some therapeutic techniques.
Matthew Montano: Okay, that sounds good.
Matthew Montano: But I've lot going on the
Gwenevere Abriel: Well way just but you get to decide if what you need more than anything else is to have another human being, tell you you're not crazy. You're not alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have somebody else's perspective. And what I have planned comes to a screeching halt. If that's the bigger need and you need to offload a bunch of stuff, then that's what we'll do.
Matthew Montano: Or we can practice techniques, he said. Uh huh.
Matthew Montano: Okay, I think.
Matthew Montano: Just, just a little bit. I got a little bit to talk to you about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, tell me, tell me.
Matthew Montano: Okay, so I've been so mean. Brian split up. It's been like three weeks now and
Matthew Montano: So just
Matthew Montano: It's it's it's a process. Getting used to coming home at the end of the day, and had not having somebody here and that's been really lonely and I feel like my depressions been kicking in a little bit at those times.
Gwenevere Abriel: It makes sense.
Matthew Montano: And I've been going to the gym, like I have a friend. I'm going to the gym with like every day, three hours a day. So that's like my new my focus, but still, like, I've always had depression and it's really kicking game now that when I get lonely, you know,
Matthew Montano: Like, I wonder what he's doing.
Matthew Montano: You know, that type of thing. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you are calling it depression. Tell me more about what the different signs are for you that you got that depression, when you sing.
Matthew Montano: It just when I feel lonely I thoughts can get really negative like I can start thinking by. Am I going to be alone for ever.
Matthew Montano: Because I feel like I
Matthew Montano: worked so hard for a relationship for a year and then I don't know if we'll get together back together not it's
Matthew Montano: With this has happened before ovary been apart for a month they got back together, but I just, it seems like we're doing too much fighting and it's never going away. Right. So I don't know if we can get back together.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the thought you're concerned about the most is
Matthew Montano: My mind starts going really negative like am I going to be alone forever. Like, I don't want to get up tomorrow, it just starts kicking into depression.
Matthew Montano: And it affects my body. You know, like makes me lazy and stuff. And I've been. I've been back to go to work. I've been going to the gym and stuff. So, but it's just that time at the end of the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So you say,
Matthew Montano: No, I'll even close myself off where I will. What I can call people I can call friends like invite friends over, but I'll close myself off at the end of the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for the most part it's after work, is that right
Matthew Montano: Yeah, after work. And then after work. I've been going to the gym and then when I get home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so when you get home. So that puts it up. What time typically
I'm
Matthew Montano: Around
11:11pm
Matthew Montano: Because I get off from work at night.
Matthew Montano: And then I can't. I won't, because I REMEMBER, RYAN nice work late so we safely. So I'm getting into that habit of pharmacy brown to we sit bossy, but ground for he's gone for work at three, so like I'd fall asleep, and then he went back up.
Matthew Montano: I don't go into work till till three o'clock PM. So, you know, I could sleep. Anything you
Matthew Montano: But I'm starting to get into the habit to go to go to bed a little bit earlier. But, you know,
Matthew Montano: That that depression. When I feel that depression feeling it worries me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why, what are you worried about
Matthew Montano: I don't think I'll do anything like I've never liked hurt myself or anything, but it's just my mind gets so maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: You're afraid of something because you're telling you're making sure I'm really hearing you around the I'm worried
Matthew Montano: I'm afraid of that pain. It's just, it feels like pain.
Matthew Montano: I get so down that it just feels like pain.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you willing to do something different so that you don't feel the same.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I was thinking maybe I need a I used to take like a depression medication for a small
Matthew Montano: Bit of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You would go to a medicine before you would just change some things about your lifestyle.
Matthew Montano: Know I'm open to changing things about my life so
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's see what's possible here because this isn't depression, you're in a breakup. You're just sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't take a pill because of a broken heart.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a really old way of thinking just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all. Hey, you don't like being alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's interesting. I can't wait. I love being alone. I like my own company. What
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something's
Matthew Montano: I do like being alone, but I, we were together for a year and I got used to have it that best use my best friend there, you know,
Matthew Montano: For the last three
Matthew Montano: The last three months, we were growing apart what's up.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why, why are you not a good friend to yourself.
Matthew Montano: And I am I do take care of myself and, you know,
Matthew Montano: Like last night when I laid down. I was just thinking like
Matthew Montano: I hope he's not already been with somebody or hope you stop being with somebody else right now and that those thoughts, just like kill me. Is that normal I kind of obsessed over those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, it's normal, but it doesn't mean that that's going to make you happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not separating your now you're living in a fantasy, you're still in a relationship with him. It's just so hypothetical up in your head.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's back up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm interested in the I'm only part I'm interested in understanding that, do you want to understand more about
Gwenevere Abriel: Why it's so painful.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, yeah. I'm curious to
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if there's some history behind it.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of people emotional distress the big stuff and maybe lonely, the one for you is experienced in the brain in the same place as physiological pain. So it can be a heartache really can feel like heartache and can really feel like Cain.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, it does.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Matthew Montano: And I want to be able to just light it up. And when I get that I know I'm getting depressed because I can't make enough all day. I'm just thinking of
Matthew Montano: If I'm not thinking about what he's doing, which isn't all day. That's just towards the end of the day, I'm worried about, Oh, I gotta pay my bills. Now I gotta pay everything on my own.
Matthew Montano: I gotta make sure to go grocery shopping. I just think about everything about to do. And there's no like joy in it, you know, and I feel like when I was in a relationship there is
Matthew Montano: That was a little bit of joy. But you know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying to collaborate and plan paying for things together shopping together cooking solving problems together felt good. Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Makes it makes it a little bit easier. It's. That's why I wanted that relationship so bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds a lot like I don't want to solve problems on my own. I don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, it's back to the although you say you really like your own company.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it may be more. It's a little bit more investigation. So let's see if we're onto something with the alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of walk it back, turn, turn off the eyelids close them down for a second. If you're comfortable with a minor close. I'm not staring at you. I'm doing the same I'll share with you and try and figure out the alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to go back in time and see where's that earliest experience for you of discomfort.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tolerance, an aversion.
Gwenevere Abriel: And almost is this going to last forever. This the sense of being alone.
Matthew Montano: I guess that would be when my mom and dad started having a lot of problems with arguing and then it led up to them divorcing
Matthew Montano: And it kind of that gave me major trust issues because my, that's what I think we're my trust issues initiated from because my mom to you though my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had an image of something. What we picturing
Matthew Montano: I was picturing them arguing. I was picturing
Matthew Montano: When they split up. How, how sad. My dad was for a while. My dad's not sad at all anymore. He's remarried, he's happy, successful but you know I never saw my dad sad. And I remember seeing him sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: For
Matthew Montano: What's up,
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever seen him sad before
Matthew Montano: Yeah, and I see my mom said a lot of my life. My mom's always dealt with depression and she still deals with that but you know i don't i don't see her very often.
Matthew Montano: Right Now she lives in another city and
Matthew Montano: We don't communicate that much because she's you know she she's pretty negative
I remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Here with the symmetry. So it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Arguing in this memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how long did that argument last
Matthew Montano: It was
Matthew Montano: Very together for I think 20 something years, um, they're arguing for like about the the whole time I was in high school, since I was a freshman.
Matthew Montano: Till I graduated and they that's when they got a divorce. After I graduated
Gwenevere Abriel: When they argued for years.
Gwenevere Abriel: What were you doing
Matthew Montano: Um,
Matthew Montano: I got used to it. I would block it out. I would go out smoke weed with friends, I would lock myself in my room, you know, get on the computer play video games or whatever.
Matthew Montano: I and I used to go to the gym. That's why going to the gym is always been a coping mechanism. I went to the gym for years.
Matthew Montano: I did a lot of blocking it out. I never, I never dealt with those emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: What emotion. Are you talking about
Matthew Montano: Just about how um
Matthew Montano: But trust issues. I guess that's why
Gwenevere Abriel: That's you playing therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: What what emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: What were they
Matthew Montano: Sadness.
You were sad.
Matthew Montano: Just worry
Gwenevere Abriel: You were worried sadness and worry and you ended up now. Is there an effort to how old was this, you were 15 that's when it kind of started
Matthew Montano: Yeah yeah about there, maybe even 14 yeah
Matthew Montano: Well, when they were they were made for 20 something years and they were happy for the longest time in the last four or five years. I guess my mom.
Matthew Montano: Thought she started going through a depression and there really wasn't a reason for depression you know you we none of us ever understood it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so your picture and your mom and dad aren't even arguing and it's almost like you can picture years of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you felt sad and worried. And what were you worried about when you see them arguing
Matthew Montano: I'm
Matthew Montano: I was kind of worried that they weren't going to get that they were going to get divorce.
Matthew Montano: But I remember it became so often that sometimes I would hate seeing inviting you would bug me so much it would make me sad and then angry that I remember like my dad was the more level headed one. So I would tell him why don't you guys just get a divorce and we're telling him that
Gwenevere Abriel: What did he say when you offer that as a solution.
Matthew Montano: My dad would talk to me about it. He would like
Matthew Montano: If we talk about it now. He's already. He's all it probably was best that we got a divorce. He's a member, you see that when you're younger and
Matthew Montano: You know what, what would, would you ask him.
Gwenevere Abriel: I said, what did he say when you offer that solution back then.
Matthew Montano: He wouldn't necessarily say nothing to that right away. Um,
Matthew Montano: My dad was really good about talking about me. Like if they're arguing, we would we would talk about it and you know
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Matthew Montano: I don't feel like that that. Okay, so that gives me trust issues, but I don't feel like going back into those things really does anything. It's not like that's gonna be. I just want to learn how to deal with my trust issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you think they came out of the blue.
Matthew Montano: They started from them from seeing my parents relationship not working out just basically that's it. Like I've dealt with all those little details of them arguing and stuff like I'm I feel like I've dealt with all that that's not really that doesn't bug me that much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that might be. So what do you know that you also said, I haven't dealt with these emotions.
Matthew Montano: Uh,
Matthew Montano: Yeah but yeah I did say that but
Matthew Montano: I really don't. I really don't feel like
Matthew Montano: That so much. Is it because I've had relationships. I've had like four serious relationships and I want to learn to get to know how to make those work.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how are you feeling right now.
Matthew Montano: I just want to know how to fix it. It's frustrating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Frustrating. Is it also. Are you feeling in patient
Matthew Montano: Um,
Matthew Montano: I feel like when I feel down like this and I do have a reason to feel down, I get frustrated with myself because I can't get out of it, or I want to get out of the quicker. I'm like, those being sad isn't
Matthew Montano: It. Yeah. Being being sad isn't valid. You can't just sit. You just can't sit around and besides, got to get out of this. You got to get out of this. So like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. All right. Now notice that you did it in here too.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got impatient with where I was going, what we were doing that I'm off course.
Gwenevere Abriel: not fast enough. You already know the origin of your mistrust and is it just that obvious. Your mother cheated. Is it, are we just supposed to go there and you got it all figured out.
Matthew Montano: Um,
Matthew Montano: I've had that was years ago, though, so I've had a long time to to kind of deal with those emotions.
Matthew Montano: And then there's a set of bad relationships after that.
Matthew Montano: And I feel like I was the problem in those relationships. You know, sometimes
Matthew Montano: Because I feel like
Matthew Montano: I feel like when I saw my mom and dad arguing a lot when I not so much with Ryan, but with my ex in the past like my first boyfriend that I had out of high school, I feel like when you start arguing
Matthew Montano: I would remember the way my mom and dad argued, and if I felt like I was becoming like that. Like it would. I would automatically get really angry and start
Matthew Montano: Saying negative stuff. And if I got angry at the person hurt me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you'll do it differently next time to learn communication skills and you'll address it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this course of discussion has
Gwenevere Abriel: Many times off and it moves very quickly away and move over here, over here, it doesn't seem to be okay good enough to just sit with this discussion.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want it. I don't want to feel. I don't want to talk about the sad. I've already worked through it. You want to you want to talk about what to do with your anger.
Matthew Montano: It's, I guess I'm frustrated right now cuz
Matthew Montano: I like I said, I've been feeling depressed,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you also said you're not patient but you present in a hurry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to feel sad. I don't want this depression. You want to take a pill. What is it, let's get okay
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that's not the way psychotherapy works it's slow. In fact, it's taking a tiny little snapshot and you could sit there for 60 minutes. It's the opposite of
Gwenevere Abriel: What we've done in here. Move. Move. Move. Move. Move. Nope, it's not that you don't get to feel something, and really know whether it's true or not, because you're moving on your ruling it out so fast. We don't get to actually find out how if there's any truth in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just go a little bit slower and see see what's there.
Matthew Montano: Okay, I'm trying
Gwenevere Abriel: And what I hope you're seeing that you, you want a solution. You want some answers. You want to have a healthy relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're not willing to sit with this discussion around being alone. And so you really quick one. And answer for me. How do we get and it just reinforces the fact that you can't sit with this information, so it's it's like playing real time here. Yeah, your
Matthew Montano: guide your heritage day here know
Gwenevere Abriel: Matthew, you're not, you're not going to be alone.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, it wasn't turned around.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are adept at doing that. Actually, you've done it many times right in session very skilled massive, you're not going to be alone.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: You know and I know that deep down
Matthew Montano: It's just scary been alone for a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the problem with you being alone sit with it a little bit longer, don't run away from it. I understand that you have to just
Matthew Montano: Put on
Gwenevere Abriel: Your cell phone bill pick another bill which bill is it that she sat there and he is it rent. Is that the one like now I have to be
Matthew Montano: Oh yeah, he was he was paying half of their rent, but I'll be able to afford it. You know, I just won't have as much extra cash. What it is is
Matthew Montano: I just thought, I think I just kind of thought about, I don't. I still don't want to lose him. I still see myself with him for a longer period of time, he treated me good.
Matthew Montano: A lot. What's, what's that
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't believe you.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh, huh.
Matthew Montano: When
Matthew Montano: When it was good. It was good. But when it was bad. It was like, well, the things that would bother me about him. He would never change. That's what it was. It was like he would never and he would always play the victim.
Gwenevere Abriel: But Matthew your reference point of what a healthy relationship is is relevant to this discussion. What is in a relationship with the self is relevant to this discussion. If you don't sit with whether you have a healthy relationship with yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's pretty common for someone to say your destiny is just to repeat the same thing here. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and your reference point is, well, my relationships are so much worse. I'm making progress.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's not the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: you're uncomfortable with being alone, but how are you supposed to grow. How are you really supposed to find out what your, your standards are what you're going to tolerate and what you're not give you some time to do some healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to jump into another one. What does that say about your self esteem. What does it mean sit for a second with it.
Matthew Montano: Well before I was with Brian I was single for two years, like two and a half years.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what you did with those years.
Matthew Montano: I think what it was is that I didn't get a chance to really
Matthew Montano: Have fun with myself because I was dealing with the addiction so bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are inactive us for those two years.
Matthew Montano: It was it was before I was well I maybe like one and a half of those years it was before I got with the last doctor, I was with for the Suboxone so I was buying enough Suboxone off the street like I've just been taking Suboxone for so long. So it was a huge financial theme.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm lost.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't get lost for easily
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's back up just a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanted to talk today about a depression that you think is worsening right
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you leaned any new information.
Matthew Montano: No, I feel like I've been giving you a lot of good information that not letting you kind of come back. So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be your time one 133
Gwenevere Abriel: It's exciting it is exciting. It's exciting to talk about, you know, your impression and you've got big feelings going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I asked you, are you willing to do something differently so that you don't feel this pain or the different relationship with pain and I invited a discussion about how old it was
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't mind changing it and talking about this thing with those two years where you were single and I'm interested in that one too.
Matthew Montano: Huh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe not in the area that interest you, because it's uncomfortable so therapy is uncomfortable. It means you're you're stretching those emotional muscles and then you're going to sit with those big feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: So she can feel them just a little bit longer.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you broke up with what's the name
Ryan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ryan some recent one was this other during those two years where you were single
Matthew Montano: Oh, before that anything was Jevon
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, then
Gwenevere Abriel: So break up with gentlemen you're single and around it to two years it's easier for me, you're single and you mentioned it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you think you told me about them.
Matthew Montano: About what
Gwenevere Abriel: Why did you bring up that you have been single for two years after Kevin, why do you think you brought it up.
Matthew Montano: Oh, because you had said.
Matthew Montano: Something about learning how to be happy by yourself and
Matthew Montano: I thought
Gwenevere Abriel: No answer now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me some stories about what you did. Were you were happy to me. Get all the way through it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you were happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And angry and frustrated broke
Gwenevere Abriel: Cash Flow was, you know, the whole deal. Give me some stories about how you just did you and you did not know amount with drugs or alcohol or other accesses which we can overworking oversexed, we can oversleep, did you have any time in those two years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you were chill and just got to know yourself.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, tell me some stories about that.
Matthew Montano: Um,
Matthew Montano: I feel like one thing I started doing when I was by myself is, um, well, I would hang out with my friends, you know, do all that stuff. Invite them over.
Matthew Montano: I started getting into like decorating my house, making things nice
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi during these decorating things
Matthew Montano: No, no. Cuz, see if I if I was buying too much Suboxone or whatever. At that time, I wouldn't have the money to buy stuff from my house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, there's other substances, you could be doing. So I'm not that naive. Where are you getting high.
Gwenevere Abriel: During that time.
Matthew Montano: No, it's just been Suboxone for like the past four or five years.
Matthew Montano: With when when me and Ryan got together. It's been a little bit of cocaine here and there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all these two years where it felt so that's that's the problem with this piece. So let's go back to the decorating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. How did you know you like to decorate. How did, how did you discover that
Matthew Montano: Because I like um well I just started happening. I just started making my apartment. Nice. Find the furniture. I wanted buying a, you know, I got a real nice fish tank and nice table for my kitchen and I just when I come home and I see have a nice home to come home to makes me feel good.
Matthew Montano: I can sit down and be like, you know, I feel good here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how long did that last I feel good here.
Matthew Montano: Of how long did it last. I feel like I'm still like that, that's still something that makes me happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long can it last after gentlemen.
Matthew Montano: Well,
Matthew Montano: I'm well. That's one of the things that was making me happy. And then, you know, that was I met Ryan eventually like what
Matthew Montano: I feel like what I'm trying to say is I do, I do have a problem with depression, since I was younger, I feel like it's genetic. My mom has a real bad has real bad depression and I feel like
Matthew Montano: That is something that came from her from being a child because I've dealt with this kind of depression feeling since being a child.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one is environmental and once genetic
Gwenevere Abriel: So, which isn't she wasn't depressed. If you didn't know she was depressed. You wouldn't be depressed.
Matthew Montano: Um, I don't know, I, that's what I'm wondering. Why do I feel like this. Why do I feel emotion so strong, when I break up.
Matthew Montano: Why does it consume my body. Why does it. Why do I obsess over him being with somebody else, like why am I picturing him being somebody with somebody else in my head, and it's it's making me feel awful. Like, why is it
Gwenevere Abriel: We were trying to do that psychology offers that information, but there has to be history taking you're in a rush you want it like a pill handed to you 20 minutes ago you wanted it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't how this works.
Gwenevere Abriel: You believe me. You think I'm withholding some truth that I know something
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not telling you
Matthew Montano: Know, I believe.
Matthew Montano: I know it takes time. That's what's that's kind of frustrating.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Earlier I asked you are
Gwenevere Abriel: In addition to frustrated feeling impatient.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said no. But if you look in patient and so
Gwenevere Abriel: Insight in and of itself isn't going to cut it. You can go read a self help book and figure this out on your own. You don't need me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can talk to some friends. I'll give you some pretty good explanations, right, come on.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, good advice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you too. We got all kinds of resources you can get some some good explanation about why you're giving yourself a hard time. It's not the same thing as experiential learning
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it was a decision that was made in the beginning of today, which was you wanted me to hear you.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Vs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Vs experiential knowing not my interpretation, but your truth and that got skipped today and we'll do it another time, but just know that your rush means you're missing out.
Gwenevere Abriel: On important things. Okay, so
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This depression this depression is depression this depression this depression is depression.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a member of the family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah cluster of symptoms this depression is it's not a. It's not a set thing that just gets passed down from one generation to the other.
Matthew Montano: I feel like I do feel
Matthew Montano: I feel emotion stronger than it's, it seems like I feel emotion stronger than people when I'm happy, I'm super happy when I'm depressed. I'm super depressed. Like I feel like it might be something up in here, something
Gwenevere Abriel: Out here. I don't know because i'm not i'm not you, but out here. Do you want to know how you present as a consumer of a you
Matthew Montano: Well yeah, I know. I know I had a lot of
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't want. No, no. Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Well yeah, I was waiting. No, I do want to know. I do want to know.
You have high energy
Gwenevere Abriel: Interrupt quite a bit. You're excited you're very smart.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, very what Mark
Matthew Montano: Mark Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, insightful and perceptive and playful night and
Matthew Montano: I am being super I feel like I know I'm being kind of negative right now because I'm telling you, I'm trying to handle like you're my counselor. So I'm like, I had a lot of stuff to tell you. Sorry, I kind of like overloaded on you today. I do see I did that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but remember, that's how I started, I said how, what do you want and if it's just going to be that, then you may still you know I maybe I pushed my agenda, which was to do some analysis, you just wanted to really say.
Gwenevere Abriel: I miss him.
Matthew Montano: Right. Yep. I felt. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what I miss him. I think about him. I think about him and and I'm still thinking about thinking about him sad and I miss them. And this is gonna be like this forever. What's he doing and I get that.
Matthew Montano: And I'm wondering, are we going to get back together because this has happened before. And we've gotten back together.
Matthew Montano: I don't feel like it's the end of this relationship yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay how so you take that and you say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, let's say I know the answer. And I tell you, and I say, You definitely are getting back together again.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do, how do you run your day DIFFERENTLY NOW, DO YOU NOT PAY THE RENT kind of waiting for him to come in.
Matthew Montano: No, no.
Matthew Montano: No, that's I have money have paid paid my bills, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. It's not about the rent if you know which of course, only God knows right if
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do differently omnipotence is available to you and all of a sudden, you can tell the future.
Matthew Montano: And I guess the reason I bring up this relationship so much is because I want to learn how to make a relationship work and
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing whether you're going to be back together with them. You think that's the recipe of how a relationship will work. You see how cookie. That sounds
Matthew Montano: Yeah yeah cookie.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Slow down. So you're because I didn't get to finish my list impulsive. It's the predominant
Matthew Montano: Yeah. Okay. I guess I can't be impulsive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's the dominant feature.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's present quite a bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: A good, it's not bad, it's just one person's opinion about it but it naked in your way. Sometimes it may be
Gwenevere Abriel: Opportunities for learning for sort of tuning into someone else you might be missing opportunities that connection of feeling someone's love and affection. And what's this, what's this when you hop, hop, hop, hop, hop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel what was going on at the previous yeah
Matthew Montano: I feel like that was a breakthrough and impulsive, I need to learn how to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you probably been this way, you're either on math right now, or you've been this way, your whole life.
Matthew Montano: You know, I've been the same. I
Matthew Montano: Know that Jesus Christ. I don't have never
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I figured. So somewhat so you, you may have
Gwenevere Abriel: A feature of some some hyperactivity.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be the point of entry. If you want to understand more about how to regulate those those initial impulses to
Write
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice how where I kept trying to steer us was how do you do around you. It's like, Are you okay with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you can self examine and see go slow. There's no way you can come up with this quickly. Yeah.
Matthew Montano: I'll go slow. I just had a lot to tell you that's that's what
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been asked the question so loneliness.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: In my sort of impulsivity. How did those How did those two things coexist with you. How do you he live with both of those don't like being alone and diamond impulsive. How do those two things coexist.
Matthew Montano: When I'm out in the real world at my job with my friends if those things get in the way. I feel like so I hold all those things in
Matthew Montano: Like, I don't want to go to work and be like, I'm having problems with Ryan Like I talk to you about this because the right area for it, but I hold all that stuff in when I'm out. Yeah, I don't I don't ever tell I don't talk about that stuff like that. My job and
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be what I'm making up on you do it so fluidly I just assumed all your buddies and friends were here in an earful
Matthew Montano: No, no.
Matthew Montano: No, because I know people don't want to hear that all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you.
Matthew Montano: My friends, there's some friends. I know which friends I can talk to about relationships and stuff.
Matthew Montano: Like that I've a really good friend named Wendy, um, she has a girlfriend and we talk about she really listens really well and that's who I
Matthew Montano: took a year off to and she gives me a really good advice. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not an advice giver, if you've noticed that
Gwenevere Abriel: I do believe avoid doing that at all costs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I don't know what the best thing for you to do is
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that shows up. That's the pill right that's that's quick, but it's not hard earned
Gwenevere Abriel: Not like sitting and coming to this conclusion on your own. That one is with you and you own it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Outside of you came from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's the difference. I don't just say, well, you need to go do this, and you did you do that. The only about the only time I give advice is around shame. I'll say, okay, got a strong opinion that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a detox on that one. But the rest of it did just invitations, or you try something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you really want to tell me about this relationship. What if I still not heard because I've been still talking a lot
Matthew Montano: What am I still like I did. Just think of something, um, because we were talking about. I just told you that I really don't talk about these issues in real life, maybe, except with one friend or two friends.
Matthew Montano: And the advice I get from her lot and the things that what the things that bother me about Ryan is she says we shouldn't be together.
Matthew Montano: And I start I and then I and I, the things that bother me about Ryan, I told you, and you've taught you've said, do you want to keep dealing with that and and I'm starting to think maybe I shouldn't get back with him, but it's scary because I don't want to be alone. I've
So,
your comfort level.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because of your experience because of school and bullies and certain things you've seen have go on, you're willing to tolerate
Gwenevere Abriel: Somebody else's willing to tolerate
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't mean it's healthy. It doesn't mean this is you know your true love. It just means
Gwenevere Abriel: May not be what you really preferred, you may end up really preferring this whole list of these other things. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just really tolerant of
Gwenevere Abriel: misbehaving.
Matthew Montano: Really quick. I just had a thought, what if I feel like, or I know I can be hard to deal with. Sometimes in a relationship that's why I'll put up with a little bit more from somebody else because I feel like I'm I might put off a lot on them. So it might come back at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't get legend out that way it doesn't quite work that way, not, not, not in here. So let's see. Are you saying, Oh, you are
Gwenevere Abriel: What but but
Matthew Montano: Like I say, I feel emotions, very strong. So when I come home at the end of the day, I might take out how I'm feeling on him.
Matthew Montano: And I know I would do that.
Matthew Montano: If I had a rough day at work. I'm not
Matthew Montano: I'm not. I'm keeping them controlling myself I'm handling my job. I'm doing what I gotta do, but I'm holding that all in. So when I get home in my, in my dump it all out on
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You dump it on him.
Matthew Montano: If I had a bad day and I'm I it was a rough day maybe I'm feeling angry or I'm in a bad mood. So I'll be like angry towards him.
Matthew Montano: Sure, I'll be short towards him here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you say
Uh,
Um,
Matthew Montano: I don't listen to him so well say he had a rough day that that day too.
Matthew Montano: I don't listen to him so well.
Matthew Montano: Or say he did the did the listing wrong he made a mess. I'm like, You need to clean that shit. You know, I'm like dude, you know, pick up after yourself. You've I've been cleaning up after you for days already
Matthew Montano: But I can pick up for your app after yourself today. I think I might be like sure with him and he don't really know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so are you trying to say that you are wondering if you're at fault.
Matthew Montano: I'm one thing that
Matthew Montano: The reason I feel like I might put sometimes I might overlook his shortcomings and stuff is because I feel like I might be hard to deal with. Sometimes too and I feel like I found somebody who will deal with me, I guess.
Matthew Montano: And then it's not
Matthew Montano: It doesn't sound very good
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I just not
Gwenevere Abriel: Really interesting no
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: That isn't how it goes.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get to be a turd. And you get to be this level, a turd. And that's happy ever after.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not how that's not how compatibility works.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you need some time alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: To talk to me about
Gwenevere Abriel: What you can say when you come home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Within being able to say
Gwenevere Abriel: My boundaries and not be afraid they're going to leave you instead of being righteous and acting out because the acting out that little tantrum example you gave that is a child's way of handling a situation, but an adult and adult way is
Gwenevere Abriel: Shipped company. I had a really hard day I'm gonna go hide in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check on you and a half hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh, and there I will bite it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's one version, right, and only feelings. Another version. Oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So much chaos in my head I come, I'm having hoarders house is a mess. Right. And let's just go for a walk. I need, I need to go for a walk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there's 100,000 different versions, but at the core of it is your awareness of yourself, your relationship with boundaries. And again, it's going to be a relationship with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want to sit with it for a very long, it's not. These are the book that here we are. This is how he is. This is how I am. Are we meant for each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Host just to know that.
Right.
Matthew Montano: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Grow if you want to be a better person, whatever that version is of you that you've assessed. I know I'm working on myself. I'm always moving and growing and learning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but if you want to. That's interesting. And you have the time to do it. But if you spend all of your energy, thinking about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm analyzing See we like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was me. It was just like oh if I wasn't such an ass like 10% less of the time. Can we be together. Yeah, yeah, that's it. No.
Matthew Montano: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't do that what you have right now is an opportunity to self reflect, you can look at what you liked what you didn't like you just touched on some things that you're not terribly proud of, and that's where a therapy can be helpful.
Yeah.
Matthew Montano: And you know what, I'm scared right now because I have been self reflective and
Matthew Montano: In the past,
Matthew Montano: I he would want him to come back right away I
Matthew Montano: I would enjoy his company right now. I'm still just like I can get over some of the things that are bugging me about him.
Gwenevere Abriel: So good sit with that you might be butting up against a real preference of yours that might be your gut that might be your intuition, saying, I know this isn't about tolerating someone this person is unkind. This
Matthew Montano: Yeah, and I do get those strong feelings and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but you go to a funny place you go, well, maybe I'm just too sensitive or something like there's something fundamentally flawed with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where does it come from, you won't sit with me. We can't do any analysis to find out where that's coming from next time you might want to consider, you get more out of it by picking you can say, All I do is obsessive a Ryan and that's what I want to work on today. That's it.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, well, I don't. That's not all I do. It's just, it's just the thing I've been doing
Gwenevere Abriel: My point is that you can still have change insight without having
To
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk these other interventions that we can do, they can access other like unconscious areas or hidden desires. Okay, you get there, but not this Tu, Tu, Tu, Tu, Tu, Tu there's other ways to do it. This
Matthew Montano: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: This what we did was buddy and I won't watch like, I'm not going to tell you what to do. I won't, I won't tell you
Matthew Montano: I suits me. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I care about you and I am concerned that
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to walk away from today and go
Gwenevere Abriel: Exact same. And yeah, let me think about writing again I think about Ryan. YEAH, WHAT DO I DO WHAT HE DO WHAT I DO WHAT HE DO THE WAY THIS OUT. Hmm, maybe I should call them. I think I'll call him talking with him. Yeah, they'll be great. I don't know.
Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: self reflection, you spend time alone and you, you kind of go by.
Gwenevere Abriel: Loneliness thing and I noticed I really did not want to feel sad. I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk about
Matthew Montano: I have a question for you. Should I
Matthew Montano: Start talking to other people. Yet, or is it too soon.
Matthew Montano: Not too soon, and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll go basic
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically are are working through their addiction, they all start relationships for a year.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have not had a chance to grow up, you are in a really young person and I don't know which parts this the substance use has delayed.
Gwenevere Abriel: The learning that normally developmental you would have gone along the way. But you're robbing yourself, which means that, let's say it is impulsivity. Or maybe it's selfish. So whatever label you give yourself, you're gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna you're gonna wait another five years. And maybe, maybe it didn't have something to do with you and you could have figured it out here with me in the quiet of a therapeutic relationship in the safety of a therapeutic relationship with really don't give a shit about me so
Gwenevere Abriel: But right the risk is lower love snot on the line. I'm gonna care. Wow, you can do whatever he wants. Yeah, I'm still gonna care.
Matthew Montano: You're
Gwenevere Abriel: giving yourself an opportunity to grow up so that you have this healthy stuff to add
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you can expect it back. You can say, You know what, I'm bringing a lot of hard work I put into growing up here I. Is it possible that you could do these same things my needs are quiet space when I get home from work.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that half hour and you will have developed and cultivated self esteem, the ability to just set boundaries and not act out
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are able to say, but you're not going to get there if you just try and find some perfect match out there. That's what just about the match, go find the match. Now, you didn't go find another match will go find a match. That's oh my
Matthew Montano: God and make it work.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you work, you go, you go find out what you like about yourself. Catch yourself with your friends. Do it. Do it with people that maybe you you know there's not all that intense intimacy.
Gwenevere Abriel: take it slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Matthew Montano: But there the end you did give me some good advice. That's what I was wanting you like I need to be alone. And I need to self reflect and it's not bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not bad. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: This
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's a pretty. A lot of the stuff, especially in group, we talked about has to do with look at the authentic self. What do you really want you. Sure. Okay. Well how's your environment responding to you. Well, guess what you're finding out in real time as you grow. This is the response.
Gwenevere Abriel: The people
Gwenevere Abriel: That are drawn to. You are going to start to change the people you're drawn to her in a change. You sure you want to bring in another person. Now, is this who you really are.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are so then takes a look
At that
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not going to be alone. You're going to be a happy man if you want family, you're going to, you're going to get what you want. You got all the pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you got them all.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you might end up with an immature volatile chaotic relationship if you don't grow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's hard. I mean, sitting with
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that was me. I gotta do it differently. It's sitting with that again and again and again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's not advice. I don't care. You go get yourself in relationship. Again, I mean that you go do your thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But in general, that's what people do in recovery is they first they get themselves really solidified into what do I really want, what am I not willing to compromise anymore that alcohol and drugs allowed me to compromise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Period. See you later see in group.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you
Matthew Montano: Yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and you're going to attend group on Monday. Yes.
Matthew Montano: Whoa, is that when I'm signed up for. Yeah. Monday.
Matthew Montano: Monday at 12 right
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it never has been.
Matthew Montano: I think I'm new to the Monday one so I it's on my calendar, I can look at my calendar, but I
Gwenevere Abriel: Am on Monday.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye.
Bye.